>> Steve Kinney: Large takeaways
from this entire section.
All these are immediately cool, but
I'm going to give you a pro
tip at the end of this course.
None of these are as cool as just
shifting less JavaScript to the browser.
Right, because the less JavaScript you
shift, the less any of this stuff matters.
Right, but the user timing API,
the performance mark and
performance measure, that can be super
useful in your real world applications.
You can go ahead, and
you can drop that in right now, right,
into parts of your application that
you're suspicious of being slow, right?
You can do the recording,
you can see that larger I saw, and
then you can actual actions, cuz you know
your code better than v8 does right.
You can go ahead and
drop that end and you can actually
meter how long is this taking.
You can do a thing, like,
that was cool for a start of time but
maybe the slow thing is dragging and
dropping something in your application,
like updating the thing.
You can actually use a timing if you
have to find out how low is this,
is this where the hurt is?
Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.
And then, finally we saw that
maybe using a type system
gives you performance gains for free.
I think that's really helpful as well.
Very cool.
Let's break for lunch.
And then we'll actually
get into the browser and
see how everything we saw JavaScript.
How does this interact with HTML and
CSS and the dom and all that crazy stuff.
We'll actually see how web pages are born.
A stork actually brings them to
the browser, it's very cool.
From the cloud, it descends out of
the cloud and brings them, it's very cool.
All right.